Ellorn, Progenitor of Gothr	B	mythic	Legendary Artifact Creature — God 	1	B	5	Menace, indestructible
As long as your devotion to black is less than five, Ellorn isn’t a creature.
Artifact cards in your graveyard have escape BBB, exile three other cards. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its escape cost.)	5/4		normal	JLA		REPLACEMECarq, Hero of Gothr	B	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Knight 	70	B	1BBB	Deathtouch
Carq, Hero of Gothr gets +1/+1 for each artifact card in your graveyard.
Sacrifice two artifacts: Return Carq, Hero of Gothr from your graveyard to the battlefield.	2/3		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEMoltran, Progenitor of Faerus	R	mythic	Legendary Artifact Creature — God 	4	R	6	Trample, indestructible
As long as your devotion to red is less than five, Moltran isn’t a creature.
Whenever you cast an artifact spell, Moltran deals 2 damage to each opponent.	7/5		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEVaryus, Progenitor of Certhin	W	mythic	Legendary Artifact Creature — God 	6	W	5	Vigilance, indestructible
As long as your devotion to white is less than five, Varyus isn’t a creature.
Whenever an enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, it gains “Exile target nonland permanent until this permanent leaves the battlefield.”	4/6		normal	JLA		REPLACEMERyhm, Progenitor of Moorla	G	mythic	Legendary Artifact Creature — God 	5	G	4	Reach, indestructible
As long as your devotion to green is less than five, Ryhm isn’t a creature.
Creature tokens you control have “T: Add G.”	3/3		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEIllith, Progenitor of Seroa	U	mythic	Legendary Artifact Creature — God 	3	U	4	Flash
Indestructible
As long as your devotion to blue is less than five, Illith isn’t a creature.
At the beginning of your end step, scry 2, then draw a card.	3/4		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEAuxious, Traitor of Certhin	WB	mythic	Legendary Creature — Vampire Knight 	158	WB	2WBB	Vigilance, first strike
WB, Pay 2 life, Sacrifice an artifact or enchantment: Exile target creature, return it to the battlefield under your control.	3/3		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEEverlasting Time Scale	WB	mythic	Legendary Artifact	188	WB	5WB	If a creature you control dies, exile it. Then return it to the battlefield under your control at the beginning of the next end step.
If a creature an opponent controls dies, that player loses life equal to that creatures toughness. 			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEConquest Demon	BR	mythic	Creature — Demon Warrior 	167	BR	3BR	Flying, trample
When Conquest Demon enters the battlefield, gain control of target creature with mana value 4 or less.
Whenever Conquest Demon attacks, creatures you control but don’t own get +2/+0 and gain trample until end of turn.	5/4		normal	JLA		REPLACEMECommand Dominion	BR	mythic	Legendary Enchantment	166	BR	2BRR	Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, gain control of up to one target creature you don’t control with lesser power.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEKronos, Time Paradox	UR	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Kronos 	205	UR	3UR	Return up to one target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard or you own in exile to your hand.
Target nonland permanent phases out for as long as Kronos, Time Paradox is on the battlefield.
Your opponents skip their next turn.			planeswalker	JLA	5	REPLACEMEChaos of War	UR	mythic	Enchantment	164	UR	2UUR	Your opponents can’t cast spells during combat.
At the beginning of combat on your turn, create a colorless X/X Construct Knight artifact creature token with haste where X is the number of instant and sorcery cards in your graveyard and you own in exile.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEThalias, Imbuer of Life	UG	mythic	Legendary Artifact Creature — Construct Cleric 	240	UG	XGGU	When Thalias enters the battlefield, put X charge counters onto target noncreature artifact or enchantment you control. That permanent becomes a 0/0 Construct creature in addition to its other types and gains “This creature gets +1/+1 for each counter on it.”
2: Return Thalias to your hand from the battlefield.	2/2		normal	JLA		REPLACEMELifewood Manipulation	UG	mythic	Legendary Enchantment	206	UG	4GU	Whenever another nonland, noncreature permanent enters the battlefield under your control, you may have it enter as a Construct creature with base power and toughness equal to its mana value in addition to its other types.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEGeneral Wallace, Scalebane	WG	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Knight 	190	WG	2GW	Protection from Viashino, Naga, and Dragons
General Wallace, Scalebane gets +1/+1 for each token on the battlefield.
2GW:Create a 2/2 white Knight creature token with vigilance.	3/4		normal	JLA		REPLACEMESteady Recruitments	WG	mythic	Legendary Enchantment	236	WG	1GWW	Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, you may pay 2. If you do, create a 2/2 white Knight creature token with vigilance.
If one or more tokens would be created under your control, those tokens plus a 1/1 white Soldier creature token are created instead.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEWarrin of Sound Mind	U	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Warrin 	60	U	2UU	Exile the top card of your library, you may play that card until the end of your next turn.
Target creature you control can’t be blocked this turn.
Shuffle your hand, graveyard and cards you own in exile into your library. Draw seven cards.			planeswalker	JLA	4	REPLACEMEWander Space and Time	WUBRG	mythic	Legendary Enchantment	247	WUBRG	1WUBRG	Other permanents and spells you control are all colors.
You may spend mana as though it was any color of mana to cast spells or activate abilities.
You may play cards you own in exile and from your graveyard.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMESaber of Wrath		mythic	Legendary Artifact — Equipment 	280	C	3	Equipped creature gets +1/+1 and has menace.
Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, Saber of Wrath deals 2 damage to any two targets.
Equip 2			normal	JLA		REPLACEMESaber of Duality		mythic	Legendary Artifact — Equipment 	278	C	3	Equipped Creature gets +2/+0 and has ward 2.
Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, create a copy of target nonland permanent you control, except the copy isn’t legendary and if that copy is an equipment, attach that equipment to a creature you control.
Equip 2			normal	JLA		REPLACEMESaber of Hope		mythic	Legendary Artifact — Equipment 	279	C	3	Equipped creature gets +2/+2 and has first strike.
Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, exile target nonland permanent until Saber of Hope leaves the battlefield.
Equip 2			normal	JLA		REPLACEMESaber of Desire		mythic	Legendary Artifact — Equipment 	277	C	3	Equipped creature gets +1/+0 and has lifelink.
Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, exile the top card of your and that players library. You may play those cards this turn, and by paying life instead of mana to cast them.
Equip 2			normal	JLA		REPLACEMESaber of Bounty		mythic	Legendary Artifact — Equipment 	276	C	3	Equipped creature gets +1/+3 and has vigilance.
Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, it explores and you gain 3 life.
Equip 2			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEPyrr, Hero of Faerus	R	rare	Legendary Creature — Elemental Giant Knight 	116	R	1RRR	Trample
Pyrr, Hero of Faerus can’t be blocked by artifact creatures.
Whenever Pyrr, Hero of Faerus deals combat damage to a player, it deals that much damage to up to one target creature or planeswalker.	7/4		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEPaladrin, Hero of Certhin	W	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Knight 	27	W	1WWW	First strike, protection from artifacts and enchantments you don’t control.
Whenever Paladrin, Hero of Certhin attacks, other attacking creatures you control gain protection from artifacts and enchantments you don’t control until end of turn.	4/4		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEAegi, Hero of Moorla	G	rare	Legendary Creature — Giant Warrior 	123	G	1GGG	Prevent all noncombat damage that would be dealt to Aegi, Hero of Moorla.
Other creatures you control get +0/+3.
Whenever another creature enters the battlefield under your control, creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn.	3/8		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEHector, Hero of Seroa	U	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Artificer 	41	U	1UUU	Sacrifice an artifact: Search your library for an artifact card with mana value equal to the the sacrificed card plus one. Reveal it and put that card into your hand, then shuffle.
2: Create a 1/1 colorless Thopter artifact creature token with flying.	2/4		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEXl'thar, Viashino Hero	RG	rare	Legendary Creature — Viashino Soldier 	252	RG	2RGG	First strike
Viashino you control have haste
R/GR/G: Viashino you control get +1/+0 until end of turn.
Whenever Xl’thar, Viashino Hero attacks create a 2/2 red and green Viashino creature token with “When this creature attacks, it explores.”	3/3		normal	JLA		REPLACEMERiaz, Progenitor Knight	WR	rare	Legendary Artifact Creature — Construct Knight 	225	WR	1RRW	Double strike
Whenever a creature token you control attacks, create a copy of that creature.
Whenever an equipped creature you control attacks, create a token copy of a equipment attached to that creature.	2/3		normal	JLA		REPLACEMERemi, Spirit Tether	WU	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Cleric Wizard 	221	WU	WWU	Protection from creatures with deathtouch
Whenever an artifact or enchantment is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, return up to one target creature card with mana value 2 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.
WU, Exile Remi, Spirit Tether from your graveyard: Return target artifact or enchantment card from your graveyard to your hand.	2/2		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEZera, the Crow Maiden	UB	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Warlock 	253	UB	1UUB	UB, Sacrifice a nonland nontoken permanent: Create two 1/1 blue Bird creature tokens with flying.
Tap any number of creatures you control with flying: Put target nonland permanent card from your graveyard with mana value equal to the number of creatures tapped this way onto the battlefield under your control. Activate only as a sorcery and only once each turn.	3/4		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEObaku, Hex Weaver	BG	rare	Legendary Creature — Treefolk Warlock 	212	BG	3BBG	Deathtouch, ward 4
Whenever a creature you don’t control becomes the target of an ability you control, put a -1/-1 counter and a hex counter on it.
2, Pay 1 life: Target creature loses all abilities until end of turn.	3/7		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEGothr Cutthroat	B	rare	Artifact Creature — Construct Rogue 	78	B	1BB	Lifelink
When Gothr Cutthroat enters the battlefield, surveil 2. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest on top of your library in any order.)
When Gothr Cutthroat dies, return another target artifact card from your graveyard to your hand.	3/2		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEFaerus Highborn	R	rare	Artifact Creature — Construct Warlock 	102	R	1RR	Menace, haste
1RR: Whenever one or more nontoken creature enters the battlefield under your control this turn, those creatures gain menace and haste until end of turn. Those creatures are artifacts in addition to their other types.	3/2		normal	JLA		REPLACEMECerthin Ranger	W	rare	Artifact Creature — Construct Knight Ranger 	16	W	1WW	Reach, vigilance
When Certhin Ranger enters the battlefield, it deals damage equal to its power to any target.
Metalcraft — T: Certhin Ranger deals damage equal to its power to any target. Activate this ability only if you control three or more artifacts.	2/3		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEMoorla Gate Warden	G	rare	Artifact Creature — Construct Warrior 	139	G	1GG	Prevent all noncombat damage dealt to Moorla Gate Warden.
3: Moorla Gate Warden gets +3/+3 and gains trample until end of turn. Use this ability only once each turn.	2/4		normal	JLA		REPLACEMESeroa Interloper	U	rare	Artifact Creature — Construct Wizard 	48	U	1UU	Flash
When Seroa Interloper enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice an artifact or enchantment, if you do, counter target spell or activated ability.	2/2		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEAuxious' Dragoon	WB	rare	Creature — Human Knight 	157	WB	2WBB	Flying Vigilance
Whenever a permanent you control but don’t own is put into a graveyard, the owner of that permanent loses 3 life.	4/5		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEAbsolute Oblivion	WB	rare	Instant	152	WB	3WBB	As a additional cost to cast Absolute Oblivion, pay 5 life.
Exile all artifacts, creatures, enchantments and planeswalkers.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEBloodgem Dark Knight	BR	rare	Artifact Creature — Construct Knight Warlock 	160	BR	2BRR	When Bloodgem Dark Knight enters the battlefield, conquer each opponent.
Sacrifice another artifact: Bloodgem Dark Knight gains menace and deathtouch until end of turn.	3/3		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEBloodgem Dragon	BR	rare	Creature — Dragon 	161	BR	4BRR	Flying, haste
Whenever Bloodgem Dragon deals combat damage to a player, conquer that player. (Exile the top card of that players library. You may play that card for as long as it remains exiled, and spend mana as though it was any color.)
Sacrifice a permanent: Bloodgem Dragon gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	6/6		normal	JLA		REPLACEMERupturing Vortex	UR	rare	Instant	228	UR	2UUR	Piercing (This spell can target permanents with hexproof, ward, or shroud as though they did not.)
Return up to three target nonland permanents to their owner’s hands. Rupturing Vortex deals 3 damage to target player.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEHerald of Kronos	UR	rare	Creature — Angel Wizard Knight 	194	UR	3UUR	Flying
Magecraft — Whenever you cast or copy an instant or sorcery spell, Herald of Kronos deals 2 damage to each opponent and put a +1/+1 counter on Herald of Kronos.	4/4		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEEssence Elemental	UG	rare	Creature — Elemental Cleric 	182	UG	1GGU	Flying, trample, ward 3
Essence Elemental gets +1/+1 for each artifact and enchantment you control.	2/2		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEResonant Golem	UG	rare	Artifact Creature — Elemental Golem 	222	UG	2GGU	Trample
Resonant Golem enters the battlefield tapped.
Whenever you gain life, put that many +1/+1 counters onto Resonant Golem.	4/4		normal	JLA		REPLACEMERelinquisher of Blades	WG	rare	Creature — Human Cleric 	219	WG	GWW	Whenever a creature token you control dies, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.
Whenever Relinquisher of Blades attacks, if it has 4 power or greater, draw a card.	2/2		normal	JLA		REPLACEMERemember the Legends	WG	rare	Instant	220	WG	GWW	Create two 2/2 white Knight creature tokens with vigilance.
Storycraft — Put an indestructible counter onto target legendary creature you control if you control three or more enchantments.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEFaces From Before	RG	rare	Enchantment	189	RG	1RGG	Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, put a +1/+1 counter on each other creature you control that shares a type with that creature.
2RG: Create a token copy of target creature you control. You can only activate this ability as a sorcery.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMESpark Amber	WR	rare	Enchantment — Aura 	234	WR	RRW	Enchant Creature or planeswalker
Enchanted creature loses all abilities and types and is a Spark Amber creature with base power and toughness 0/3.
At the beginning of the combat, enchanted creature deals 1 damage to each other creature its owner controls.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEStrix Knight Commander	WU	rare	Creature — Human Wizard Knight 	237	WU	1WWU	Flying
When Strix Knight Commander enters the battlefield, return target artifact or enchantment to its owners hand.
At the beginning of your end step, if you have seven or more cards in your hand, create a 1/1 blue Bird creature token with flying.	2/2		normal	JLA		REPLACEMESoul Siphon Naga	UB	rare	Creature — Naga Warlock 	233	UB	2UUB	Whenever another nonartifact creature dies, each opponent loses 1 life.
UB, Sacrifice another creature: Soul Siphon Naga connives. (Draw a card, then discard a card. If you discarded a nonland card, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.)	4/3		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEWillow Hexblade	BG	rare	Creature — Treefolk Warlock 	250	BG	2BBG	Deathtouch
Whenever Willow Hexblade attacks, target creature defending player controls becomes a 0/1 Treefolk and loses all abilities until end of turn.
5: Return Willow Hexblade from your graveyard to your hand.	3/7		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEGothr Weaponmaster	B	rare	Creature — Vampire Cleric Knight 	83	B	1B	As long as there are three or more artifact cards in your graveyard, Gothr Weaponmaster has vigilance.
Sacrifice an artifact: Put a +1/+1 counter on Gothr Weaponmaster.	2/2		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEHell from Above	B	rare	Sorcery	85	B	2B	Create a 4/4 black Demon creature token with flying.
Morbid — If a creature died this turn, exile target players graveyard.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMESlain by Many	B	rare	Instant	92	B	3B	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each creature you control.
Destroy target creature.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEScared To Death	B	rare	Sorcery	91	B	3BB	Destroy all nonartifact creatures. Each player loses life for each creature they controlled that was destroyed this way.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEFaerus Hellhound	R	rare	Artifact Creature — Dog 	101	R	1R	2: Faerus Hellhound gains double strike until end of turn.
R: Target creature you control gains haste until end of turn.	3/1		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEFaerus Sunthrasher	R	rare	Artifact Creature — Horror 	109	R	3RR	Flying
Faerus Sunthrasher can’t be blocked by creatures with flying.
When Faerus Sunthrasher dies, it deals 3 damage to each creature with flying.	3/3		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEThe Third Chamber of Faerus	R	rare	Sorcery	122	R	2RRR	Piercing (This spell can target permanents with hexproof, ward, or shroud as though they did not.)
All permanents lose indestructible until end of turn. Damage can’t be prevented this turn. The The Third Chamber of Faerus deals 7 damage to target creature or planeswalker. If that permanent would be put into a graveyard, exile it instead and conquer that permanent’s controller.. (Exile the top card of that players library. You may play that card for as long as it remains exiled, and spend mana as though it was any color.)			normal	JLA		REPLACEMERazerstone Manticore	R	rare	Creature — Manticore 	117	R	2RR	Flying
When Razerstone Manticore enters the battlefield, conquer target opponent. (Exile the top card of that players library. You may play that card for as long as it remains exiled, and spend mana as though it was any color.)
Whenever you cast a spell from exile, create a blood token.	4/3		normal	JLA		REPLACEMECerthin Dragoon Roost	W	rare	Enchantment	12	W	1W	When Certhin Dragoon Roost enters the battlefield, create a 1/2 white Drake creature token with flying.
2WW: Create a 1/2 white Drake creature token with flying. Activate this ability only during your turn.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMECerthin Slayer	W	rare	Creature — Human Warrior Ranger 	18	W	2WW	Reach
Choose a creature type as Certhin Slayer enters the battlefield.
Certhin Slayer has protection from creatures of the chosen type. (This creature can’t be blocked, targeted or dealt damage by creatures of the chosen type..)	3/3		normal	JLA		REPLACEMECerthin Sand Dragon	W	rare	Creature — Dragon 	17	W	4WW	Flying
Whenever Certhin Sand Dragon enters the battlefield or attacks, return target artifact or creature to its owners hand.
Sacrifice a artifact: Certhin Sand Dragon gains lifelink until end of turn.	5/5		normal	JLA		REPLACEMECerthin Champion	W	rare	Creature — Giant Warrior 	9	W	4WW	Vigilance, trample
Spells and abilities you control that target Certhin Champion costs 3 less to cast or activate.
Heroic — Whenever you cast a spell that targets Certhin Champion, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control.	5/5		normal	JLA		REPLACEMETitan of Bounty	G	rare	Artifact Creature — Elemental Golem 	149	G	3G	GG: Put a +1/+1 counter on Titan of Bounty.
GGG, Sacrifice Titan of Bounty: Search your library for a land card for each +1/+1 counter on Titan of Bounty as this ability was activated. Put those lands onto the battlefield tapped and shuffle.	3/3		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEMoorla Ancient Borderguard	G	rare	Artifact Creature — Construct Knight 	132	G	4GG	Reach
When Moorla Ancient Borderguard enters the battlefield, create two 1/1 blue Bird creature tokens with flying.
GG, T: Moorla Ancient Borderguard fights another target creature you don’t control.	4/4		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEBring Home the Beasts	G	rare	Instant	127	G	3GG	Search your library for two nonartifact creature cards and reveal them, put them into your hand and shuffle.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEThunderfoot Ancient	G	rare	Creature — Treefolk Druid Warrior 	148	G	6GG	Reach, trample
This spell costs 1 less for each creature you control.
2GGG, T: Creatures you control may assign combat damage as if they weren’t blocked this turn.	5/7		normal	JLA		REPLACEMETime Piper	U	rare	Artifact Creature — Construct Wizard 	57	U	1U	Flash
When Time Piper enters the battlefield, untap all artifacts you control.
2UUU: Return Time Piper from your graveyard to your hand.	0/1		normal	JLA		REPLACEMESeroa Silver	U	rare	Artifact	52	U	2U	Artifact creatures you control get +1/+1.
Magecraft — Whenever you cast or copy an instant or sorcery spell, put a +1/+1 counter onto up to one target artifact creature you control.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMESeroa Arms Bearer	U	rare	Artifact Creature — Construct Knight 	46	U	3UU	Flash
When Seroa Arms Bearer enters the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on up to X target creatures you control where X is the number of cards in your hand.	3/2		normal	JLA		REPLACEMESeroa Market Guard	U	rare	Artifact Creature — Golem Knight 	49	U	3UUU	As long as you control another artifact, Seroa Market Guard has ward 3.
As long as you control an enchantment, Seroa Market Guard has vigilance.
As long as Seroa Market Guard has a counter on it, it can’t be blocked.	4/3		normal	JLA		REPLACEMELuminant Engine		rare	Artifact	269	C	2	T: Add C.
2: Add one mana of any color.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEContraption Schematics		rare	Artifact	261	C	1	3: Contraption Schematics becomes a Construct creature in addition to its other types, with base power and toughness 1/1.
2: Put a +1/+1 counter on target artifact creature.
T: Remove three +1/+1 counters from Contraption Schematics: Draw three cards.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEMitotic Propagator		rare	Artifact	270	C	5	As Mitotic Propagator enters the battlefield, choose a creature type.
Creatures of the chosen type cost 1 less to cast.
Creatures of the chosen type enter the battlefield with an additional +1/+1 counter.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEAuxious' Devotee	WB	uncommon	Creature — Human Cleric 	156	WB	WB	Lifelink
Creatures you control but don’t own have lifelink.	2/2		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEPursue Glory	WB	uncommon	Enchantment — Saga 	215	WB	WB	Whenever Pursue Glory enters the battlefield, target creature gains lifelink and vigilance until end of turn.
At the beginning of your end step, if you gained 3 or more life this turn, return Pursue Glory to your hand.		(As this Saga enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter. Sacrifice after III.)
Target creature gains lifelink and vigilance for as long as Pursue Glory is under your control.
Attacking creatures you control get +1/+0.
At the beginning of your end step, if you gain life this turn, return this card from your graveyard to your hand.	saga	JLA		REPLACEMEDecide Fate	WB	uncommon	Instant	172	WB	1WB	Choose one -
• Exile target creature.
• Target creature gains indestructible until end of turn.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMECerthin Exile	WB	uncommon	Creature — Human Knight 	162	WB	WB	Flying, vigilance
Certhin Exile gets +1/+1 for each creature you control but don’t own.	1/2		normal	JLA		REPLACEMETraitor's Torch	WB	uncommon	Artifact — Equipment 	242	WB	WBB	Equipped creature can’t be blocked by creatures with power 3 or less.
Whenever a creature enters the battlefield under your control, if you don’t own it, you may attach Traitor’s Torch to that creature.
Equip creature you don’t own 1
Equip 3			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEDemonic Purge	BR	uncommon	Instant	173	BR	BR	Piercing (This spell can target permanents with hexproof, ward, or shroud as though they did not.)
Put three -1/-1 counters onto target creature. If that creature dies this turn, its controller loses 3 life.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEPathway Cutthroat	BR	uncommon	Creature — Human Warrior 	213	BR	1BR	When Pathway Cutthroat enters the battlefield, you may sacrifice a permanent, if you do, destroy target creature with power less than or equal to Pathway Cutthroat’s power.
Creatures with power less than Pathway Cutthroat can’t block it	3/2		normal	JLA		REPLACEMETreacherous Devil	BR	uncommon	Creature — Devil Warrior 	243	BR	BRR	When Treacherous Devil enters the battlefield, sacrifice a permanent.
Whenever you sacrifice a permanent, Treacherous Devil deals 1 damage to each player.	4/2		normal	JLA		REPLACEMELord of Fear	BR	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Construct Demon Warlock 	209	BR	2BR	When Lord of Fear enters the battlefield, gain control of target creature with lesser power.
Whenever you gain control of a permanent, put a +1/+1 counter on Lord of Fear.	3/3		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEEldritch Scriptures	BR	uncommon	Enchantment — Saga 	179	BR	2BR	Choose two -
• Destroy target creature or artifact.
• Lose 3 life and draw 3 cards.
• Eldritch Scriptures deals 4 damage to each opponent.		(As this Saga enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter. Sacrifice after III.)
Destroy target creature or artifact.
Conquer each player. (Exile the top card of that players library. You may play that card for as long as it remains exiled, and spend mana as though it was any color.)
​	saga	JLA		REPLACEMEPyre Bolt	UR	uncommon	Instant	216	UR	UR	Piercing (This spell can target permanents with hexproof, ward, or shroud as though they did not.)
Pyre Bolt deals 4 damage to target creature. If that creature would die this turn, exile it instead.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMESigiled Executioner	UR	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Construct Wizard Knight 	231	UR	1UR	Sigiled Executioner has double strike as long as there are three instant and/ or sorcery cards you own in exile and in your graveyard.	2/2		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEIonic Warp	UR	uncommon	Instant	202	UR	3UR	Suspend 1 1UR (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay 1UR and exile it with a time counter on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, you may cast it without paying its mana cost.)
Ionic Warp deals 3 damage to each creature your opponents control.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEReimergent Seas	UR	uncommon	Enchantment — Saga 	218	UR	1UR	Piercing (This spell can target permanents with hexproof, ward, or shroud as though they did not.)
Target creature phases out. (Treat it and anything attached to it as though they don’t exist until its controller’s next turn.)
Draw a card.		(As this Saga enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter. Sacrifice after III.)
I, II — 
Target creature phases out.
III — Draw two cards.
​	saga	JLA		REPLACEMEHerald of Enervation	UR	uncommon	Creature — Angel Wizard 	192	UR	2UUR	Flying
Magecraft — Whenever you cast or copy an instant or sorcery spell, create a 1/1 blue Bird creature token with flying, it gains haste until end of turn.	3/3		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEEssence Pool	UG	uncommon	Enchantment — Saga 	186	UG	GU	Whenever you activate an ability of a artifact, gain 2 life.
GU: Untap target artifact.		(As this Saga enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter. Sacrifice after III.)
Target player mills three cards.
GU: Untap target artifact you control.
Create a copy of target artifact you control with mana value 2 or less.	saga	JLA		REPLACEMEWield Essence	UG	uncommon	Enchantment — Aura 	248	UG	GU	Flash
Enchant noncreature non-equipment artifact
Enchanted artifact is an equipment with “Equipped creature gets +X/+X, where X is the mana value of this permanent.” and “Equip 2.” 			normal	JLA		REPLACEMELifewood Opening	UG	uncommon	Sorcery	207	UG	GU	Exile target artifact or enchantment you control, then return it to the battlefield.
Draw a card.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEEssence Guardian	UG	uncommon	Creature — Human Cleric Shaman 	184	UG	1GU	When Essence Guardian enters the battlefield, you may have target noncreature artifact you control become a 2/2 Construct artifact creature for as long as Essence Guardian is under your control.	2/2		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEInfuse the Constructs	UG	uncommon	Sorcery	199	UG	1GGU	Each noncreature non-equipment artifact you control becomes a 2/2 Construct Knight creature in addition to its types until end of turn.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEScout Ahead	WG	uncommon	Sorcery	230	WG	GW	Search your library for a historic card, put it into your hand, then shuffle. (Artifacts, legendaries, and Sagas are historic.)			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEScalebane Plate	WG	uncommon	Artifact — Equipment 	229	WG	1GW	Equipped creature gets +1/+1 for each token you control.
Equip legendary creature 0
Equip 2			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEMoorla Offerings	WG	uncommon	Instant	210	WG	2GW	Support 4 (Put a +1/+1 counter on each of up to four target creatures.)
Storycraft — Draw a card for each creature you control with power 4 or greater if you control three or more enchantments.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMECerthin Trading Grounds	WG	uncommon	Enchantment	163	WG	2GWW	2: Target opponent chooses one of the following -
• Both you and that opponent gain 2 life.
• Both you and that opponent create a 2/2 white Knight token with vigilance.
• Both you and that opponent draw a card.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEDisassembled Ancient	WG	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Construct Knight 	176	WG	4GW	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it.
Disassembled Ancient enters with three +1/+1 counters on it.
GW: Put a +1/+1 counter on Disassembled Ancient.	0/0		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEViashino Venomancer	RG	uncommon	Creature — Viashino Shaman 	246	RG	RG	Deathtouch
Other Viashino you control get +1/+0 and have deathtouch.	2/1		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEBanner of the Banished	RG	uncommon	Enchantment	159	RG	2RG	When Banner of the Banished enters the battlefield, create two 2/2 red and green Viashino creature tokens with “When this creature attacks, it explores”
Sacrifice Banner of the Banished: Destroy target artifact you don’t control.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEInciter Shaman	RG	uncommon	Creature — Naga Shaman 	198	RG	2RGG	Trample
When Inciter Shaman enters the battlefield, nonartifact creatures you control gain haste and trample until end of turn.
As long as Inciter Shaman is attacking, creatures you control get +1/+0.	3/4		normal	JLA		REPLACEMECleanse Machina	WR	uncommon	Instant	165	WR	RW	Piercing (This spell can target permanents with hexproof, ward, or shroud as though they did not.)
Exile target artifact. If that artifact was a creature, you gain 4 life.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEAssembly Required	WR	uncommon	Sorcery	155	WR	RRW	Create a copy of target artifact. If that copy is an equipment, attach that copy to a creature you control.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMESunmade Knight	WR	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Construct Knight 	238	WR	1RW	Vigilance
Metalcraft — Whenever a creature token attacks under your control, that creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn as long as you control three or more artifacts.	2/3		normal	JLA		REPLACEMERevoking Light	WU	uncommon	Instant	224	WU	WU	Piercing (This spell can target permanents with hexproof, ward, or shroud as though they did not.)
Destroy target attacking or blocking creature. You gain 2 life.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMECrush the Clock	WU	uncommon	Instant	170	WU	WU	This spell can’t be countered.
Counter target artifact, enchantment or planeswalker spell.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEProphesized by the Ruins	WU	uncommon	Sorcery	214	WU	1WWU	Draw a card for each artifact and enchantment you control. Then each opponent exiles the top four cards of their library.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEInvoke Perception	UB	uncommon	Instant	200	UB	UB	Surveil 3, then for each card you put into your graveyard this way, target player mills two cards. (To surveil 3, look at the top three cards of your library, then put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest on top of your library in any order.)			normal	JLA		REPLACEMENecromantic Studies	UB	uncommon	Enchantment	211	UB	UUB	Whenever a nontoken creature you control dies, you may sacrifice an artifact. If you do, return that creature to your hand.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMECrow Conjurer	UB	uncommon	Creature — Human Warlock 	168	UB	2UB	When Crow Conjurer enters the battlefield, create two 1/1 blue Bird tokens with flying.
Tap two other untapped creatures you control: Target creatures gets +2/+2 and gains flying until end of turn.	2/2		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEWillow Warden	BG	uncommon	Creature — Treefolk Solider 	251	BG	1BG	Deathtouch
Willow Warden can’t be blocked by artifact creatures.
3, Exile Willow Warden from your graveyard: Put a hex counter onto target creature you don’t control.	2/4		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEUnderrock Ogre	BG	uncommon	Creature — Ogre Rogue 	245	BG	BBG	Menace
Underrock Ogre can’t block or be blocked by creature’s with flying.	4/3		normal	JLA		REPLACEMERevoke the Scriptures	BG	uncommon	Enchantment	223	BG	2BBG	Counter the first spell your opponents cast during your turn.
BGG: Target creature loses all abilities until end of turn.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEThe Restless Path	B	uncommon	Instant	90	B	1B	Whenever target artifact or creature you own is put into a graveyard this turn, return it to your hand. 
Draw a card.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEArtificial Rebirth	B	uncommon	Sorcery	67	B	2B	Return target artifact card from your graveyard to the battlefield. If that permanent is a creature, it gains haste until end of turn.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEConstruct Death	B	uncommon	Instant	72	B	1BB	Metalcraft — This spells costs 1B less to cast if you control three or more artifacts.
Destroy target creature.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEGothr Soulstress	B	uncommon	Creature — Vampire Warlock 	82	B	1BB	Deathtouch
Whenever a nontoken nonartifact creature you control dies, create a 1/1 black Bat artifact creature token with flying.	3/1		normal	JLA		REPLACEMESoulless Eclipse	B	uncommon	Sorcery	93	B	6B	Return up to two artifact creature cards from your graveyard to the battlefield.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEPlanar Contract	B	uncommon	Instant	88	B	1BBB	Search your library for a card and put it into your graveyard then shuffle.
For each opponent, return target card from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEDemonic Beastmaster	B	uncommon	Creature — Vampire Warlock 	74	B	4B	Menace
When Demonic Beastmaster enters the battlefield, create two 2/2 black Demon Beast creature tokens with menace.	1/1		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEDevourer of Rust	B	uncommon	Creature — Leviathan Horror 	75	B	7BB	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each artifact card in your graveyard.
Flying	5/5		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEFaerus Reaver	R	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Construct Warrior 	105	R	R	First strike
Faerus Reaver can’t block.	2/1		normal	JLA		REPLACEMESmother in Flames	R	uncommon	Sorcery	121	R	2R	Smother in Flames deals 4 damage to target creature.
Metalcraft — Opponents can’t gain life until the end of your next turn if you control three or more artifacts			normal	JLA		REPLACEMESiphon Blood	R	uncommon	Sorcery	120	R	3R	Piercing (This spell can target permanents with hexproof, ward, or shroud as though they did not.)
Destroy target creature or nonbasic land. Create three blood tokens. (They’re artifacts with “1, T, Discard a card, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”)			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEFaerus Vatwasp	R	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Imp 	110	R	2RR	Flying, haste
When Faerus Vatwasp dies, it deals 3 damage to you.	3/2		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEFaerus Crag Fiend	R	uncommon	Creature — Elemental Devil 	100	R	2RR	Menace
When Faerus Crag Fiend dies, it deals damage equal to its power to up to one target creature or planeswalker.	4/2		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEHostile Territory	R	uncommon	Enchantment	113	R	1RRR	Whenever a creature attacks you or a planeswalker you control, Hostile Territory deals 1 damage to that creature.
Sacrifice an artifact: Hostile Territory deals 1 damage to target attacking creature.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEFaerus Centaur	R	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Centaur Warrior 	98	R	3RR	Haste
Whenever Faerus Centaur attacks, other attacking creatures gain +1/+0 until end of turn.	4/3		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEFaerus Broodmother	R	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Spider 	97	R	5R	Reach
Metalcraft — Whenever Faerus Broodmother attacks, if you control three or more artifacts, create a 1/1 red Imp creature token with flying and “When this creature dies, it deals 1 damage to you.”	3/5		normal	JLA		REPLACEMECerthin Nomad	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Scout Rogue 	15	W	W	When Certhin Nomad enters the battlefield, search your library for a Plains card and put it into your hand, then shuffle.	1/2		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEWordly Possesions	W	uncommon	Enchantment — Aura 	35	W	1W	Enchant creautre you don’t control
Enchanted creature gets -1/-1 for each artifact and/ or enchantment on the battlefield.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMETimeless Scribe	W	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Construct Wizard 	32	W	1W	Timeless Scribe gets +1/+1 for each artifact and enchantment on the battlefield.
1, Sacrifice an artifact or enchantment: Timeless Scribe gains flying until end of turn.	0/1		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEFall of the Fallen	W	uncommon	Instant	24	W	1W	Destroy target nonwhite creature.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMETimeless Texts	W	uncommon	Enchantment — Aura 	33	W	2W	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 for each artifact and/ or enchantment on the battlefield.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEContest of Metal	W	uncommon	Sorcery	20	W	3W	Choose one -
• Exile up to two target creatures you control, return them to the battlefield under your control.
• Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMECerthin Herdmaster	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Shaman 	13	W	2WW	When Certhin Herdmaster enters the battlefield create a 3/3 green and white Beast token with trample.
Other creatures you control get +1/+0.	1/1		normal	JLA		REPLACEMERepel the Assault	W	uncommon	Instant	28	W	3WW	Destroy all attacking creatures.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEHidden Hand of Moorla	G	uncommon	Creature — Elf Rogue 	131	G	G	Flash, deathtouch	1/1		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEMoorla Golem	G	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Elemental Golem 	140	G	1G	Whenever you gain life, put a +1/+1 counter on Moorla Golem.
Storycraft — Moorla Golem has ward 2 as long as you control three or more enchantments. (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 2.)	2/2		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEResting Horn	G	uncommon	Artifact	145	G	1G	At the beginning of your end step, if you control a tapped creature, you gain 2 life.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEMoorla Constrictameleon	G	uncommon	Creature — Lizard Serpent 	134	G	XGG	Moorla Constrictameleon comes into play with X +1/+1 counters.
Remove a +1/+1 counter from Moorla Constrictameleon: Other creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.	0/0		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEMoorla Elderboar	G	uncommon	Creature — Boar 	137	G	GG	Moorla Elderboar can’t be blocked by creatures with power 2 or less.
2, Sacrifice Moorla Elderboar: Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.	3/2		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEShamanic Circle	G	uncommon	Enchantment	147	G	1GG	Creatures you control get +1/+1.
Whenever you gain life, up to one target creature you control gets +1/+1 until end of turn.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEBounty of Moorla	G	uncommon	Enchantment	126	G	2GG	Whenever a creature with power 4 or greater enters the battlefield under your control, that creature explores.
Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, you gain 1 life.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEMoorla Bond	G	uncommon	Enchantment	133	G	4G	Whenever Moorla Bond enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 green Druid token.
GGG, Tap a creature with base power and toughness 1/1 you control: Target land you control becomes a 4/4 Elemental Golem creature, it is still a land.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMESeroa Soulless	U	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Skeleton Wizard Knight 	53	U	U	Seroa Soulless enters the battlefield tapped.
You may cast Seroa Soulless from your graveyard as long as you have seven or more cards in your hand.	2/2		normal	JLA		REPLACEMERelic Siphoner	U	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Construct Rogue 	43	U	1U	Flash
Whenever Relic Thief deals combat damage to a player, draw a card. If that player controls an artifact or enchantment, draw an additional card.	2/1		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEWeave Essence	U	uncommon	Instant	61	U	1UU	Choose one -
• Target artifact or enchantment becomes a Construct creature in addition to its other types, with base power and toughness equal to its mana value.
• Counter target artifact or enchantment spell.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEHaze Maze Golem	U	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Golem 	40	U	1U	Haze Maze Golem can only attack alone.
Haze Maze Golem can only block alone.
You have no maximum hand size.	4/4		normal	JLA		REPLACEMESeroa Monitor	U	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Construct Monk 	50	U	3U	No more than one creature can attack each combat.
No more than one creature can block each combat.
At the beginning of your end step, if you have seven or more cards in your hand, target opponent mills five cards.	0/5		normal	JLA		REPLACEMETechnological Awe	U	uncommon	Enchantment — Aura 	55	U	3UU	Enchant creature you control
Whenever a artifact creature enters the battlefield under your control, it enters as a copy of enchanted creature.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMETimless Soul Wielder	U	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Construct Warlock 	58	U	5U	Artifact creatures you control have haste.
T, Sacrifice a creature: Return target artifact card from your graveyard to your hand. Activate this ability only if you have three or more instant and/ or sorcery cards you own in exile and in your graveyard.	3/2		normal	JLA		REPLACEMECloudshifter Golem	U	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Elemental Golem 	38	U	7UUU	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each card in your hand.
Reach
When Cloudshifter Golem enters the battlefield, return another target artifact or enchantment you control to your hand.	5/5		normal	JLA		REPLACEMESiphoner Drone		uncommon	Artifact Creature — Drone 	281	C	2	When Siphoner Drone dies, each player loses 2 life.	1/1		normal	JLA		REPLACEMERest in Stone		uncommon	Artifact	273	C	2	When Rest in Stone enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 blue Bird creature token with flying.
Activated abilities of cards in graveyards can’t be activated.
3: Exile target card from a graveyard.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEForging Grounds		uncommon	Artifact	262	C	3	Whenever another artifact you control is put into a graveyard, put a +1/+1 counter on up to one target creature you control.
6: Create a token copy of this permanent.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEAugmentor Servo		uncommon	Artifact Creature — Servo 	257	C	3	Augmentor Servo has flying as long as you control a artifact creature with flying. The same is true for first strike, double strike, deathtouch, haste, hexproof, lifelink, menace, reach, shroud, trample, vigilance and ward.	2/2		normal	JLA		REPLACEMERev Beast		uncommon	Artifact Creature — Construct Beast 	274	C	4	Haste
2: Attach target equipment you control to Rev Beast.	4/2		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEOrbis of Chaos		uncommon	Legendary Artifact	271	C	6	Orbis of Chaos has all activated abilities of each other artifact on the battlefield.
Whenever another artifact ability is activated, if it isn’t a mana ability, Orbis of Chaos deals 1 damage to the owner of that ability.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEPrecipice of Power		uncommon	Artifact	272	C	7	When Precipice of Power enters the battlefield, destroy up to one other target nonland permanent.
Sacrifice three artifacts and/or enchantments: Return Precipice of Power from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEEmpowering Stone	WB	common	Artifact	180	WB	WB	Empowering Stone enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Target creature gains +1/+1 until end of turn.
3, T, Sacrifice Empowering Stone: Draw a card.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEKnight of Auxious	WB	common	Artifact Creature — Construct Knight 	204	WB	1WB	When Knight of Auxious dies, you may exile it. If you do, gain control of target creature with lesser power.	2/3		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEJudicial Smite	WB	common	Instant	203	WB	1WB	As a additional cost to cast Judicial Smite, sacrifice an artifact or enchantment.
Exile target nonland permanent.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMERiler Demon	BR	common	Creature — Demon Shaman 	226	BR	1BR	When Riler Demon dies, create a 2/2 black Demon Beast creature token with menace.	3/1		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEForge of Conquerors	BR	common	Artifact	256	BR	1B/R	Creatures you control but don’t own get +1/+1.
6BR: Target creature gets +3/+3 and menace until end of turn.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMESpawn of Conquerors	BR	common	Creature — Demon Warrior 	235	BR	3BR	When Spawn of Conquerors dies, conquer target opponent. (Exile the top card of that players library. You may play that card for as long as it remains exiled, and spend mana as though it was any color.)	4/2		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEIonic Halberdier	UR	common	Creature — Human Wizard Knight 	201	UR	UR	4UR: Ionic Halberdier gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is equal to the number of instant and sorcery cards in you own in exile and in your graveyard.	2/2		normal	JLA		REPLACEMETrinity Bolt	UR	common	Instant	244	UR	4UR	Piercing (This spell can target permanents with hexproof, ward, or shroud as though they did not.)
Suspend 3 1UR
Trinity Bolt deals 3 damage to up to three targets.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEHerald of Stasis	UR	common	Creature — Angel Wizard 	195	UR	4UR	Flying
When Herald of Stasis enters the battlefield, return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand.	4/4		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEEssence Spirits	UG	common	Creature — Spirit 	187	UG	GU	Flying
T: Add C. Spend this mana only to cast artifact or enchantment spells.	1/1		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEEssence Knight	UG	common	Artifact Creature — Construct Cleric Knight 	185	UG	1GU	When Essence Knight enters the battlefield, if you control an enchantment, return target creature to its owner’s hand.	3/2		normal	JLA		REPLACEMELifewood Portal	UG	common	Artifact	208	UG	GU	Lifewood Portal enters the battlefield tapped.
3, T: Target creature can’t be blocked this turn. Activate this ability only if you control an enchantment.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEHerd the Hollows	WG	common	Enchantment — Saga 	196	WG	1GW	When Herd the Hollows enters the battlefield, create a 3/3 green and white Beast token with trample.
5: Return Herd the Hollows to its owners hand.		(As this Saga enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter. Sacrifice after III.)
You gain 3 life.
Create a 3/3 green and white Beast token with trample.
Put a +1/+1 counter on up to one target creature you control.	saga	JLA		REPLACEMEHands of Solidarity	WG	common	Artifact	191	WG	1GW	When Hands of Solidarity enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 blue Bird creature token with flying.
X, T: Tap target creature with mana value X. It doesn’t untap during its controllers next untap step.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEAltar of Dynasty	RG	common	Artifact	154	RG	RG	As Altar of Dynasty enters the battlefield choose a creature type.
Creatures of the chosen type get +1/+0.
T: Add one mana of any color. Use this mana to cast creature spells with the chosen type or activate an ability of a creature of the chosen type.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEToothy Viashino	RG	common	Creature — Viashino Warrior 	241	RG	RG	Whenever another creature you control explores, Toothy Viashino deals 1 damage to each opponent.	3/1		normal	JLA		REPLACEMETemple of the Old Dynasty	RG	common	Enchantment — Saga 	239	RG	3RG	Choose a creature type as Temple of the Old Dynasty enters the battlefield.
Creatures of the chosen type cost RG less to cast.		(As this Saga enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter. Sacrifice after III.)
I — Create a 2/2 red and green Viashino creature token with “When this creature attacks, it explores.”
II — Until end of turn, creature spells you cast cost RG less to cast.
III — Mill four cards.	saga	JLA		REPLACEMEIgnite the Core	WR	common	Sorcery	197	WR	RW	Piercing (This spell can target permanents with hexproof, ward, or shroud as though they did not.)
Target creature deals damage equal to its power to itself.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEPyre Knight	WR	common	Artifact Creature — Construct Wizard Knight 	217	WR	RW	Haste
Heroic — Whenever Pyre Knight becomes the target of a spell you control, it deals 1 damage to each opponent.	2/2		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEDespite the Odds	WR	common	Enchantment — Saga 	175	WR	1RW	Target creature you control gains indestructible, vigilance and lifelink until your next upkeep.
Exile Despite the Odds.		(As this Saga enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter. Sacrifice after III.)
Despite the Odds deals 2 damage to target opponent.
Whenever a creature you control attacks this turn, you may pay 1. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on it.
​	saga	JLA		REPLACEMEDiviner's Essence	WU	common	Enchantment — Saga 	177	WU	1WU	Artifact and enchantment spells you cast cost 1 less.		(As this Saga enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter. Sacrifice after III.)
Create a 1/1 blue Bird creature token with flying.
Scry 1, then draw a card.	saga	JLA		REPLACEMERunic Reader	WU	common	Creature — Human Wizard 	227	WU	WU	Whenever an artifact or enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, Scry 1.
3WU: Investigate. (Create a Clue token. It’s an artifact with “2, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”)	1/3		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEDiviner's Thopter	WU	common	Artifact Creature — Thopter 	178	WU	WU	Flying
When you cast an artifact or enchantment spell, creatures you control with flying get +1/+1 until end of turn.	2/1		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEZera's Crow	UB	common	Creature — Bird 	254	UB	UB	Flying
Whenever Zera’s Crow becomes tapped, it connives. (Draw a card, then discard a card. If you discarded a nonland card, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.)	1/1		normal	JLA		REPLACEMECrow Conspiracy	UB	common	Enchantment — Saga 	169	UB	UB	Tap an untapped creature you control with flying: Scry 1.		(As this Saga enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter. Sacrifice after III.)
Create a 1/1 blue Bird creature token with flying.
Tap an untapped creature you control with flying: Scry 1.	saga	JLA		REPLACEMEAccess Revoked	UB	common	Instant	153	UB	1UB	Choose one -
• Target player can’t search their library this turn.
• Counter target spell.
• Target player discards a card.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMESlumber in the Glades	BG	common	Enchantment — Saga 	232	BG	BG	Two target creatures have base power and toughness 0/2 and lose all abilities until end of turn. Tap those creatures.		(As this Saga enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter. Sacrifice after III.)
Tap up to two creatures. Put a hex counter on each of them.
Until end of turn, creatures your opponents control with hex counters on them have base power and toughness 0/2.
Target creature you don’t own loses all abilities until your next turn.	saga	JLA		REPLACEMEDeathchanter	BG	common	Creature — Human Warlock 	171	BG	1BG	When Deathchanter enters the battlefield or dies, another target creature gains menace and deathtouch until end of turn.
BG, T: Target creature must be blocked this turn.	2/2		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEWillow Beast	BG	common	Creature — Nightmare Beast 	249	BG	1BG	Whenever Willow Beast attacks, put a -1/-1 counter on up to one target creature defending player controls.	2/2		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEGothr Prodder	B	common	Artifact Creature — Skeleton Rogue Knight 	81	B	B	Whenever Gothr Prodder attacks, as long as you control another artifact or an enchantment, it explores. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it’s a land. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card back or put it into your graveyard.)	1/1		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEIngrain Sickness	B	common	Instant	86	B	B	Put two -1/-1 counters onto target creature.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEAbyssal Catfish	B	common	Creature — Vampire Fish 	66	B	B	Abyssal Catfish can’t block artifact creatures	2/1		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEReap Souls	B	common	Sorcery	89	B	BB	As an additional cost to cast Reap Souls, sacrifice any number of nonartifact creatures.
For each creature sacrificed this turn, draw a card and create a blood token. (It’s an artifact with “1, T, Discard a card, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”)			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEExpose the Hold	B	common	Sorcery	76	B	3B	Destroy target artifact, enchantment or nonbasic land.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEGrip Enlightenment	B	common	Sorcery	84	B	BBB	Each opponent discards a card. If you control an artifact, each of those players discards an additional card. If you control a enchantment, each of those players discards an additional card.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEGothr Hexblade	B	common	Creature — Human Warlock Knight 	79	B	3B	Deathtouch
Creatures blocking Gothr Hexblade lose all abilities until end of turn.	3/2		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEPeel the Reality	B	common	Enchantment — Aura 	87	B	3B	Enchant nonland permanent
Enchanted permanent loses all abilities and can’t gain abilities as long as it is enchanted by Peel the Reality.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEBlind to Conflict	B	common	Instant	68	B	1B	Prevent all damage dealt to and dealt by nonartifact creatures until end of turn.
Draw a card.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEConstruct Reanimator	B	common	Creature — Vampire Warlock 	73	B	3B	Metalcraft — When Construct Reanimator enters the battlefield, return target artifact creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield if you control three or more artifacts.	1/1		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEConquerers Manifesto	B	common	Enchantment	71	B	2BBB	When Conquerers Manifesto enters the battlefield, conquer target opponent. (Exile the top card of that players library. You may play that card for as long as it remains exiled, and spend mana as though it was any color.)
Whenever you sacrifice a permanent you don’t own, create two blood tokens. (They’re artifacts with “1, T, Discard a card, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”)			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEGothr Border Giant	B	common	Artifact Creature — Construct Giant Knight 	77	B	4BB	Reach, deathtouch	3/5		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEFaerus Courier	R	common	Creature — Human Peasant Rogue 	99	R	R	Whenever Faerus Courier attacks, as long as you control an artifact or enchantment, it explores. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it’s a land. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card back or put it into your graveyard.)	2/1		normal	JLA		REPLACEMECover Fire	R	common	Instant	94	R	R	Choose one -
• Cover Fire deals 2 damage to target creature.
• Target creature gains +1/+2 until end of turn.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEFaerus Moltiger	R	common	Creature — Elemental Cat 	103	R	R	T: Faerus Moltiger deals 1 damage to any target.	2/1		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEFaerus Shrieker	R	common	Artifact Creature — Imp 	107	R	1R	Flying
When Faerus Shrieker dies, it deals 1 damage to you.	1/1		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEFaerus Summoning	R	common	Sorcery	108	R	RR	Suspend 1 R (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay R and exile it with a time counter on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, you may cast it without paying its mana cost.)
Create a 3/1 red Elemental creature token with trample and haste, exile that token at the end of turn.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMERev Armor	R	common	Artifact — Equipment 	118	R	2R	Equipped creature gets +1/+1.
As long as equipped creature has haste, it gets an additional +1/+0.
Equip 1			normal	JLA		REPLACEMESiege at Night	R	common	Sorcery	119	R	2R	Creatures you control gain haste until end of turn.
For each tapped creature your opponents control, creatures you control get +1/+0 until end of turn.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEEmberstack Knight	R	common	Artifact Creature — Construct Wizard Knight 	95	R	3R	Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
Whenever a instant or sorcery spell you control deals damage, put a +1/+1 counter on Emberstack Knight.	2/3		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEFaerus Shagbeast	R	common	Artifact Creature — Beast Horror 	106	R	2RR	Menace	4/3		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEFaerus Ballista	R	common	Artifact — Vehicle 	96	R	2RR	Faerus Ballista enters the battlefield tapped.
RR, T: Faerus Ballista deals 2 damage to any target.
Crew 2 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	5/3		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEFire Funnel	R	common	Sorcery	111	R	4R	Piercing (This spell can target permanents with hexproof, ward, or shroud as though they did not.)
Fire Funnel deals 5 damage to target creature or planeswalker.
Metalcraft — Fire Funnel deals 3 damage to that permanent’s controller if you control three or more artifacts.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEFaerus Obliterator	R	common	Artifact Creature — Construct Horror 	104	R	3RR	Magecraft — Whenever you cast or copy an instant or sorcery spell, Faerus Obliterator gains trample until end of turn.
Faerus Obliterator attacks each combat if able.	7/3		normal	JLA		REPLACEMECerthin Wayfinder	W	common	Creature — Human Scout Warrior 	19	W	W	Whenever Certhin Wayfinder attacks, as long as you control an artifact or enchantment, it explores. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it’s a land. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card back or put it into your graveyard.)	1/2		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEGlare of Hope	W	common	Instant	25	W	W	Target creature gets +1/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn.
Scry 1.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMECerthin Discipline	W	common	Enchantment — Aura 	11	W	W	Enchant Creature
Enchanted creature has first strike and vigilance.
Whenever Certhin Discipline is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, return it to its owner’s hand.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEWandering Shieldbearer	W	common	Creature — Human Soldier 	34	W	W	Storycraft — Wandering Shieldbearer assigns combat damage with its toughness rather than its power as long as you control three or more enchantments.
2, T: Tap target creature you don’t control.	0/3		normal	JLA		REPLACEMECerthin Knight	W	common	Artifact Creature — Construct Knight 	14	W	2W	Whenever Certhin Knight and another artifact creature attacks, Certhin Knight gains first strike until end of turn. Untap it.	2/3		normal	JLA		REPLACEMECerthin Boltcaster	W	common	Creature — Human Archer Rogue 	8	W	2W	When Certhin Boltcaster enters the battlefield, it deals damage equal to its power to target creature or planeswalker.	2/2		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEDesert Guardians	W	common	Artifact Creature — Construct Knight 	21	W	1WW	Other artifact creatures you control get +1/+1.
Desert Guardians can block any number of artifact creatures.	3/3		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEEnlighten	W	common	Instant	22	W	1WW	Draw a card. If you control an artifact, draw an additional card. If you control a enchantment, draw an additional card.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMESleeping Giant	W	common	Creature — Giant 	30	W	1WW	Sleeping Giant enters the battlefield tapped.
Sleeping Giant doesn’t untap during your untap step.
Whenever an artifact or enchantment enters the battlefield under your control, untap Sleeping Giant.	5/5		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEEye On The Prize	W	common	Instant	23	W	3W	Eye On The Prize deals 5 damage to target tapped creature. If that creature had flying, you gain 3 life.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMESpelunking For Relics	W	common	Enchantment	31	W	2WW	Whenever one or more creatures you control deal combat damage to a player, search your library for a equipment card, reveal it and put it into your hand then shuffle.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMECerthin Desert Golem	W	common	Artifact Creature — Construct Golem 	10	W	4W	Vigilance
2, Exile Certhin Desert Golem from your graveyard: Destroy target artifact or enchantment you don’t control.	3/3		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEMoorla Countrysider	G	common	Creature — Human Nomad Warrior 	136	G	G	Whenever Moorla Countrysider attacks, as long as you control an artifact or enchantment, it explores. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it’s a land. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card back or put it into your graveyard.)	1/1		normal	JLA		REPLACEMESeek Bounty	G	common	Instant	146	G	G	Look at the top five cards of your library. Reveal any number of land cards from among them. You gain 1 life for each card revealed this way. Put one of the revealed cards into your hand. Put the other cards on the bottom of your library in any order.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEBeam of Life	G	common	Sorcery	125	G	2G	Search your library for a basic land card or a stage land card, put it on the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.
You gain 1 life for each land that entered the battlefield this turn.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMETracker of Tusks	G	common	Creature — Human Archer Warrior 	150	G	1G	Reach
Tracker of Tusks can’t block artifact creatures.	2/3		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEAlluring Den	G	common	Enchantment — Aura 	124	G	GG	Enchant land
Enchanted land has “T: Create a 0/1 green Beast creature token.”			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEMoorla Tritop	G	common	Artifact Creature — Construct Beast 	143	G	2G	Opponents can’t gain control of Moorla Tritop.	3/3		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEMoorla Expeditioner	G	common	Creature — Human Rogue Shaman 	138	G	2G	Storycraft — T: Target creature you control explores. Activate only if you control three or more enchantments. (To explore, reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it’s a land. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card back or put it into your graveyard.)	1/3		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEMoorla Counseling	G	common	Enchantment	135	G	GGG	When Moorla Counseling enters the battlefield, target creature you control explores. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it’s a land. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on that creature, then put the card back or put it into your graveyard.)
Ferocious — Attacking creatures you control with base power 4 or greater have trample.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEGenerous Giant	G	common	Creature — Elemental Giant Nomad 	130	G	2G	Trample
When Generous Giant enters the battlefield, each opponent may return up to one target artifact card from their graveyard to their hand.	5/4		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEMoorla Spiked Anole	G	common	Creature — Lizard 	142	G	3GG	When Moorla Spiked Anole enters the battlefield, it fights target creature.	4/4		normal	JLA		REPLACEMERespect for the Fallen	G	common	Sorcery	144	G	4GG	Draw a card for each creature card in your graveyard.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEExpedition to Moorla	G	common	Enchantment	129	G	4GG	Landfall — Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, create a 1/1 blue Bird creature token with flying, then target creature you control explores.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMESeroa Sightseer	U	common	Creature — Human Monk Wizard 	51	U	U	Whenever Seroa Sightseer attacks, as long as you control an artifact or enchantment, it explores. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it’s a land. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card back or put it into your graveyard.)	1/2		normal	JLA		REPLACEMERetain Momentum	U	common	Instant	44	U	U	Choose one -
• Target creature gets +1/+1 and gains flying until end of turn.
• Target creature gets -1/-1 and loses flying until end of turn.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEEssence Diviner	U	common	Creature — Elf Wizard Shaman 	39	U	U	When Essence Diviner enters the battlefield, target opponent mills X cards, where X is the number of artifacts and enchantments you control.
Storycraft — T:Target player mills three cards. Activate this only if you control three or more enchantments.	0/3		normal	JLA		REPLACEMERevoke Impulse	U	common	Instant	45	U	U	Counter target instant spell or activated ability.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEBarron of Essence	U	common	Creature — Elf Wizard 	36	U	2U	Flash
When Barron of Essence enters the battlefield, return up to one target artifact or enchantment to its owner’s hand.	2/2		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEStormsplitter Serpent	U	common	Creature — Serpent 	54	U	UUU	Suspend 2 U (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay U and exile it with two time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, you may cast it without paying its mana cost. It has haste.)
Stormsplitter Serpent’s power is equal to the number of instant and sorcery cards you own in exile and in your graveyard.	*/4		normal	JLA		REPLACEMECloak of Silver	U	common	Artifact — Equipment 	37	U	3U	Equipped creature has ward 2.
Whenever equipped creature attacks, draw a card, then discard a card.
Equip 1			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEWitness Brilliance	U	common	Sorcery	64	U	3U	Storycraft — Scry 3 and draw two cards. If you control three or more enchantments, draw three cards instead.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEWielder of Frost	U	common	Artifact Creature — Construct Wizard 	62	U	1UU	Magecraft — Whenever you cast or copy an instant or sorcery spell, tap up to one artifact or creature.	2/2		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEWill Won't Suffice	U	common	Instant	63	U	2UU	Choose one -
• Counter target spell.
• Creatures your opponents control get -3/-0 until end of turn.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMETraverse the Planes	U	common	Sorcery	59	U	XU	Choose up to X target creatures you control. Each creature chosen this way explores. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it’s a land. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on that creature, then put the card back or put it into your graveyard.)			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEIntrospective Abstraction	U	common	Instant	42	U	3UU	Return up to three target artifacts or enchantments to their owner’s hands.
Exile the top card of your library face down, you may look at and play it as long as they remain exiled.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEGilded Hatchling		common	Creature — Dragon 	2	C	1	Gilded Hatchling has flying as long as you control an enchantment
Gilded Hatchling gets +1/+0 as long as you control an artifact.	0/1		normal	JLA		REPLACEMESpell Defuser		common	Artifact	282	C	1	T: Add 1. Use this mana only to cast noncreature spells.
2, Sacrifice Spell Defuser: Draw a card.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEForgotten Kappa		common	Artifact Creature — Horror 	263	C	2	Menace
When Forgotten Kappa dies, you lose 2 life.	2/1		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEImpulse Dynamo		common	Artifact	267	C	2	When Impulse Dynamo enters the battlefield, draw a card.
1, T: Untap another target artifact.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEGilded Amulet		common	Artifact — Equipment 	264	C	2	Equipped creature must be blocked.
Whenever equipped creature dies, draw a card.
Equip 1			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEBastion of Progress		common	Artifact	258	C	3	Activated abilities of artifacts you control cost 1 less to activate. This effect can’t reduce the amount of mana an ability costs to activate less than one mana.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEIk-Clan Shieldmate		common	Artifact Creature — Construct Warrior 	265	C	3	Other artifact creatures you control get +0/+1.
Metalcraft — Ik-Clan Shieldmate has ward 2 as long as you control three or more artifacts,	2/4		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEIk-Clan Vanguard		common	Artifact Creature — Construct Warrior 	266	C	4	Metalcraft — Ik-Clan Vanguard gets +2/+0 and has trample as long as you control three or more artifacts.	3/3		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEConscripted Mercenary		common	Artifact Creature — Construct Warrior 	259	C	4	Vigilance, hexproof
Whenever Conscripted Mercenary attacks, it explores. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it’s a land. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card back or put it into your graveyard.)	2/2		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEConsulate Gateway		common	Artifact	260	C	5	T: Exile the top card of your library. You may play that card until end of turn.
At the beginning of each end step, return cards exiled with Consulate Gateway to their owners graveyards.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMELost Horror		common	Artifact Creature — Construct Horror 	268	C	6	Lost Horror can’t be blocked by nonartifact creatures.	5/5		normal	JLA		REPLACEMERogue Deathcoil		common	Artifact Creature — Construct Wurm 	275	C	7	First strike	6/5		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEUma, Gothr Stronghold		rare	Land — Capital 	306	B		T: B.
BBB, T: Add B for each artifact in your graveyard.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEFrulmir, Faerus Stronghold		rare	Land — Capital 	285	R		T: R.
RRR, T: Add six R. Spend this mana only cast artifact spells or activate abilities of artifacts.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEPakinx, Certhin Stronghold		rare	Land — Capital 	293	W		T: W.
WWW, T: Create a token copy of target artifact or enchantment you control with mana value 2 or less.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEPalu, Moorla Stronghold		rare	Land — Capital 	294	G		T: G.
GGG, T: Target creature you control gets +3/+3 and trample until end of turn.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMENelphine, Seroa Stronghold		rare	Land — Capital 	292	U		T: U.
UUU, Sacrifice an artifact or enchantment, T: Draw two cards.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEGothr Coastal Nexus		uncommon	Land — Nexus 	286	WUB		Gothr Coastal Nexus enters the battlefield tapped unless you control a artifact and an enchantment.
T: Add W, U, or B.			normal	JLA		landslotREPLACEMEFaerus Emberstack Nexus		uncommon	Land — Nexus 	284	UBR		Faerus Emberstack Nexus enters the battlefield tapped unless you control an artifact and an enchantment.
T: Add U, B, or R.			normal	JLA		landslotREPLACEMECerthin Spine Nexus		uncommon	Land — Nexus 	283	WRG		Certhin Spine Nexus enters the battlefield tapped unless you control an artifact and an enchantment.
T: Add R, G, or W.			normal	JLA		landslotREPLACEMEMoorla Conifer Nexus		uncommon	Land — Nexus 	291	BRG		Moorla Conifer Nexus enters the battlefield tapped unless you control an artifact and an enchantment.
T: Add R, G, or B.			normal	JLA		landslotREPLACEMESeroa Skystone Nexus		uncommon	Land — Nexus 	305	WUG		Seroa Skystone Nexus enters the battlefield tapped unless you control an artifact and an enchantment.
T: Add G, W, or U.			normal	JLA		landslotREPLACEMERuins of Despair		common	Land — Ruins 	300	B		As Ruins of Despair enters the battlefield, choose a color.
T: B.
T: Add one mana of the chosen color. Activate this ability only if you control an artifact or enchantment.			normal	JLA		landslotREPLACEMERuins of Progress		common	Land — Ruins 	303	R		As Ruins of Progress enters the battlefield, choose a color.
T: R.
T: Add one mana of the chosen color. Activate this ability only if you control an artifact or enchantment.			normal	JLA		landslotREPLACEMERuins of Luxury		common	Land — Ruins 	302	W		As Ruins of Luxury enters the battlefield, choose a color.
T: W.
T: Add one mana of the chosen color. Activate this ability only if you control an artifact or enchantment.			normal	JLA		landslotREPLACEMERuins of Abundance		common	Land — Ruins 	299	G		As Ruins of Abundance enters the battlefield, choose a color.
T: G.
T: Add one mana of the chosen color. Activate this ability only if you control an artifact or enchantment.			normal	JLA		landslotREPLACEMERuins of Knowledge		common	Land — Ruins 	301	U		As Ruins of Knowledge enters the battlefield, choose a color.
T: U.
T: Add one mana of the chosen color. Activate this ability only if you control an artifact or enchantment.			normal	JLA		landslotREPLACEMEEnervation Crystal	UR	common	Artifact	181	UR	UR	Enervation Crystal enters the battlefield tapped.
T, Exile a instant or sorcery card from your graveyard: Enervation Crystal deals 2 damage to target player.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEEssence Forager	UG	common	Creature — Human Cleric Shaman 	183	UG	3GU	Storycraft — When Essence Forager enters the battlefield, you gain 5 life if you control three or more enchantments.	4/5		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEHerald of Heresy	WB	common	Creature — Angel Cleric Warlock 	193	WB	5WB	Flying, deathtouch, lifelink
Retreat 3 WWBB (Exile this permanent face-down. Distribute up to three +1/+1 counters among up to three target creatures you control.)	5/5		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEConquesting Rider	BR	common	Artifact Creature — Construct Rogue Knight 	255	BR	3B/R	Whenever Conquesting Rider deals combat damage to a player, conquer that player. (Exile the top card of that players library. You may play that card for as long as it remains exiled, and spend mana as though it was any color.)	3/2		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEDesert Duelist	WG	common	Creature — Human Warrior 	174	WG	GW	First strike
Desert Champion can’t be blocked by more than one creature.	2/2		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEGothr Paladin	B	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Construct Cleric Knight 	80	B	B	Gothr Paladin enters the battlefield tapped.
BBB: Return Gothr Paladin from your graveyard to the battlefield.	2/1		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEOpen the Fifth Gate	R	uncommon	Instant	115	R	4RR	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each instant and sorcery card in your graveyard.
Open the Fifth Gate deals 5 damage to any target. Opponents can’t gain life this turn.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEBold Maneuver	W	uncommon	Instant	7	W	1W	Target creature you control gets +3/+0 and gains indestructible until end of turn.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEEarthen Dragon	G	uncommon	Creature — Dragon 	128	G	XGGG	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each creature token you control.
Trample
Earthen Dragon enters the battlefield with X +1/+1 counters on it.	3/3		normal	JLA		REPLACEMESeroa Frost Knight	U	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Construct Wizard Knight 	47	U	2U	When Seroa Frost Knight enters the battlefield, tap target creature you don’t control and put a stun counter on it.	2/3		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEAbsorb Soul	B	common	Sorcery	65	B	3B	Destroy target nonartifact creature. You gain life equal to that creatures toughness.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEThwart the Ambush	U	common	Instant	56	U	2U	Target attacking or blocking creature phases out. Target opponent mills three cards. (Treat it and anything attached to it as though they don’t exist until its controller’s next turn.)			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEMoorla Prowler	G	common	Creature — Cat 	141	G	G		2/1		normal	JLA		REPLACEMEHarness Hatred	R	common	Sorcery	112	R	2R	Gain control of target creature until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gains haste and trample until end of turn.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEKinetic Reversal	W	common	Instant	26	W	2W	Destroy target tapped creature.			normal	JLA		REPLACEMEIrani, Emberstack Apprentice	R	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Irani 	114	R	2RR	Up to one target artifact creature gets +2/+0 until end of turn. If that creature dies this turn, it deals 2 damage to any target.
Create a 2/2 colorless Construct artifact creature token.
You get a emblem with “Whenever a nontoken artifact is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, return it to your hand unless an opponent takes 3 damage from this emblem.”			planeswalker	JLA	4	REPLACEMEVorhtox, Xl'thar's Heir	G	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Vorthox 	151	G	4GG	Put a +1/+1 counter on up to three target creatures you control.
Create a 2/2 red and green Viashino creature token with “When this creature attacks, it explores.”
You get an emblem with “Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to a player, you may destroy an artifact or enchantment that player control.”			planeswalker	JLA	5	REPLACEMERulbel, Sunmade Tactician	W	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Rulbel 	29	W	1WW	Target creature gains first strike and must be blocked this turn.
Create a 2/2 white Knight creature token with vigilance.
You get a emblem with “Whenever a creature you control attacks, create a 1/1 white soldier token that enters tapped and attacking.”			planeswalker	JLA	3	REPLACEMEBogrunach, Unyielding	B	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Bogrunach 	69	B	3BB	Gain control of target creature or artifact, untap it, it gains haste until end of turn.
You may sacrifice a creature or artifact you own. If you do, draw two cards and lose 2 life. If you do not, Bogrunach, Unyielding deals 3 damage to each player.
You get a emblem with “Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to a player, conquer that player.” (Exile the top card of that players library. You may play that card for as long as it remains exiled, and spend mana as though it was any color.)			planeswalker	JLA	5	REPLACEMEViashino	RG	common	Token Creature — Viashino 	14	RG		When this creature attacks, it explores. (Reveal the top card of your library. Put that card into your hand if it’s a land. Otherwise, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature, then put the card back or put it into your graveyard.)	2/2		token	JLA		REPLACEMEBeast	G	common	Token Creature — Beast 	11	G			0/1		token	JLA		REPLACEMEDrake	W	common	Token Creature — Drake 	3	W		Flying	1/2		token	JLA		REPLACEMEBeast	WG	common	Token Creature — Beast 	13	WG		Trample	3/3		token	JLA		REPLACEMEKnight	W	common	Token Creature — Knight 	4	W		Vigilance	2/2		token	JLA		REPLACEMEConstruct Knight		common	Token Artifact Creature — Construct Knight 	17	C		Haste	X/X		token	JLA		REPLACEMEBird	U	common	Token Creature — Bird 	6	U		Flying	1/1		token	JLA		REPLACEMEDemon Beast	B	common	Token Creature — Demon Beast 	9	B		Menace	2/2		token	JLA		REPLACEMECopy		common	Token	1	C					token	JLA		REPLACEMEElemental	R	common	Token Creature — Elemental 	10	R		Trample, haste	3/1		token	JLA		REPLACEMECopy		common	Token	2	C					token	JLA		REPLACEMEBat	B	common	Token Artifact Creature — Bat 	7	B		Flying	1/1		token	JLA		REPLACEMEDemon	B	common	Token Creature — Demon 	8	B		Flying	4/4		token	JLA		REPLACEMEDruid	G	common	Token Creature — Druid 	12	G			1/1		token	JLA		REPLACEMEConstruct		common	Token Artifact Creature — Construct 	16	C			2/2		token	JLA		REPLACEMESoldier	W	common	Token Creature — Soldier 	5	W			1/1		token	JLA		REPLACEMEPlains		common	Basic Land — Plains 	309	C					normal	JLA		landslotREPLACEMEIsland		common	Basic Land — Island 	310	C					normal	JLA		landslotREPLACEMESwamp		common	Basic Land — Swamp 	312	C					normal	JLA		landslotREPLACEMEMountain		common	Basic Land — Mountain 	314	C					normal	JLA		landslotREPLACEMEForest		common	Basic Land — Forest 	316	C					normal	JLA		landslotREPLACEMEPlains		common	Basic Land — Plains 	308	C					normal	JLA		landslotREPLACEMEIsland		common	Basic Land — Island 	311	C					normal	JLA		landslotREPLACEMESwamp		common	Basic Land — Swamp 	313	C					normal	JLA		landslotREPLACEMEMountain		common	Basic Land — Mountain 	315	C					normal	JLA		landslotREPLACEMEForest		common	Basic Land — Forest 	317	C					normal	JLA		landslotREPLACEMEGrumbling  Backwoods		common	Land — Stage 	287	BG		Grumbling  Backwoods enters the battlefield tapped unless you control a basic land.
T: Add B or G.			normal	JLA		landslotREPLACEMEVibrant Keep		common	Land — Stage 	307	UG		Vibrant Keep enters the battlefield tapped unless you control a basic land.
T: Add G or U.			normal	JLA		landslotREPLACEMEQuiet Cathedral		common	Land — Stage 	295	WB		Quiet Cathedral enters the battlefield tapped unless you control a basic land.
T: Add W or B.			normal	JLA		landslotREPLACEMERemote Town		common	Land — Stage 	296	UB		Remote Town enters the battlefield tapped unless you control a basic land.
T: Add U or B.			normal	JLA		landslotREPLACEMERisen Farmland		common	Land — Stage 	298	RG		Risen Farmland enters the battlefield tapped unless you control a basic land.
T: Add R or G.			normal	JLA		landslotREPLACEMESanctioned Haven		common	Land — Stage 	304	WG		Sanctioned Haven enters the battlefield tapped unless you control a basic land.
T: Add G or W.			normal	JLA		landslotREPLACEMEMason Grounds		common	Land — Stage 	290	WR		Mason Grounds enters the battlefield tapped unless you control a basic land.
T: Add R or W.			normal	JLA		landslotREPLACEMEResonant Shrine		common	Land — Stage 	297	WU		Resonant Shrine enters the battlefield tapped unless you control a basic land.
T: Add W or U.			normal	JLA		landslotREPLACEMEHellfire Fortress		common	Land — Stage 	288	BR		Hellfire Fortress enters the battlefield tapped unless you control a basic land.
T: Add B or R.			normal	JLA		landslotREPLACEMEIsolating Researchfront		common	Land — Stage 	289	UR		Isolating Researchfront enters the battlefield tapped unless you control a basic land.
T: Add U or R.			normal	JLA		landslotREPLACEMEBlood		common	Token Artifact — Blood 	15	C		1, T, Discard a card, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.			token	JLA		REPLACEME